How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

	When you have hundreds of lines in a file, this makes it much easier to spot the changes and identify where the mistake was.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I can track the mistakes I made and learn from them.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

    Git Pros: Saves space.
    Google Pros: More regular saving frequency, not likely to miss anything.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git pro: Saves time.   Never forget anything.
    Google pro: More control.  

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Don't know.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    You can go back in time if you screwed up.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    We'll see.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	You can see your mistakes and learn from them.  You are also more likely to try out new thigns because the penalty for making a mistake is not that great.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

	Automatic saves are timed arbitrarily and have no rhyme or reason.  Manual commits can coincide with important junctures of changes in the code.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	Git is designed for coding which have interdependencies, while Google Docs is designed for docs, which often don't.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	git log tracks each commit you made and gives you a version number.  This is a check point that allows you to check that against another version at another check point, with the git diff command.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
    Work. My next project.  